# Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the application you developed. What user needs was this application designed to address?
When it comes to the requirements of the applications there was a couple of things that was needed. First we needed a way for people to select what classes they are want to be in and a way for the application can track how many course hours you had. Next we needed a way for them to cap off the ammount of classes to be 3, so that way you would have 9 hours of credit and the application wouldn't add the new class and would tell people that they have too many hours. Finaly we need a way for the application to not select the same class again, so it wouldn't be added to the total credits and tells the user can not select the same thing.
# What did you do particularly well in developing this application?
When it comes to what I did particularly well I would say the Console Register went very well. I understood what to do and how to fix the application to get it working. Unlike the WPF application I didn't quite know what I was doing and this ended up making an application that didn't quite meet the expections and didn't provide the output that was needed for the assignment. I think this is something I need to improve and better when it comes to my skills, but I am still very proud oif the Console Register!
# Compare and contrast the Console and WPF application designs. What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
When it comes to the similarities the first thing I noticed was both applications involved selecting classes which has some things that needed to be accounted for such as capping the hours to 9 hours and preventing the useer from selecting the same course. However the big difference between the two is the Console is purely text based and the WPF aplication is visual based which means setting up both are slightly different. The big thing that was needed for the user was a way for them to see what classes they have selected so they can deduct how many classes they have and what classes that they have picked so they don't have to rely on the application on telling them they can't select that because they have 9 hours or if they selected the class. The designs for adding this was successful so the user didn't have to guess or question how many hours they have or what class they are in. 
# How did you approach the process of debugging and coding your application? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could you use those techniques or strategies in the future?
When it comes to how I appoarched the process of debugging and coding the first thing I did was to double check the code. I know it sounds silly but I can not tell you how many errors I would get because I would never double check my code, this is because I can skip over something in the code or something I realize needs more fine tuning. Another strategy is having the application help me, this would be the application suggesting ways to fix the error when I am fixing code or when I am coding, it's so much easier then trying to fix the issue myself if it works the first time, I am deffinitly applying this lesson to future projects.
# Where did you have to be innovative to overcome a challenge in the full application development process?
When it comes to where I needed to be innovative I would say this would've been during the WPF application even though it didn't work. This was something I remember doing during module 1 with Hello World but when it came to this assignment I forgot what to do. I did my best to get it to work and at first it was going well because the classes were showing up but the errors shown up as actual windows errors instead of the read text on the application. I adapted well until I messed some things up, but I am happy with the skills I learned during this course and what I accomplished. 
